How well do you know your neighbor, your co-workers, even your best friend? Well, might start secondguessing yourself after watching Parasite: The Maxim, the anime that takes its main character from being an unsuspecting average Joe like this. Are you okay? To a creature from your sci-fi thriller, Nightmares. Now that's a transformation. I've got a good one for you today. So, let's get right into it. The first episode opens with an older couple standing in their living room. There's nothing out of the ordinary until the man's head splits open to reveal rows of sharp teeth and tentacles. Stranger Things just wrapped recently. And this thing is giving the demogorgan a run for its money. Even worse, the poor woman just stands there in horror while her husband bites off head. Now that's a cold open. I know we all want to figure out what the hell just went on there, but first we've got to meet our main character, Shinichi. The next scene opens with him asleep in his bed while a disembodied voice tells that it was unfortunate that it failed. The unfamiliar voice wakes Shinichi and chalking it up to a bad dream, he goes downstairs where his parents, Kazayyuki and Nouko, are having breakfast. They tease him about the snake he saw in the night and how he tied an earphone cord around his arm while trying to catch it. First the voice and now he had a night terror about a snake. Man, this guy has some weird dreams. Shinichi loses his appetite after a spider crawls onto the table. He's got a massive fear of bugs, so he decides to head to school early. On the way, one of his friends, a girl named Marano, sneaks up on him from behind. She tries to scare him, but he reaches back and catches her hand midair. When Shinichi turns around, he's shocked to see Murano as if he didn't just foil her plans. To make matters worse, he grabs her chest, which earns him a slap so strong that it knocks the glasses from his face. I would say he deserved it, but he genuinely seems confused, as if he has no control over his hand. Yeah, something is definitely up with this guy. Another of Shinichi's friends, a bookish girl named Yuko, witnesses the entire thing and still picks up his glasses for him. She asks if there's something wrong with his right hand, which he unconvincingly denies. Later in class, Shinichi has a flashback to the night before. Some sort of alien creature tried to enter his ear, but couldn't get past his earbuds. It tried to go through his nose, but Shinichi sneezed it out. When he saw the thing, he mistook it for a snake and tried to kill it with a book, only for to go into his hand. Yeah, something tells me that this wasn't just a bad dream. What the hell is going on? Shinichi's really having an off day at school. Not only is his friend mad at him, but he's in trouble with his teachers for not paying attention. He decides to call it a day and go home early. But on his way, he encounters a little girl chasing a ball across the road. 5 seconds from getting hit, Shinichi manages to save the girl and stop the car in its tracks. Did does this remind you guys of anything else? No, just me. Okay. Anyway, after Shinichi's freak show of superhuman strength, he notices an eyeball staring at him from his right hand, and he runs home in terror. Back in his bedroom, Shinichi tries stabbing his hand with a knife. In retaliation, his right hand transforms into an alien creature with eyes and a mouth, but it doesn't know how to speak beyond basic words. It breaks the knife in half before tossing aside, preventing Shinichi from hurting it. Then it goes back to sleep, returning to the appearance of an average human hand. Shinichi spends hours searching for what the creature in his hand could be, but comes up short. Eventually, he just gives up and goes downstairs to have dinner with his parents. The next morning, Shinichi wakes up to find the alien creature protruding from his right hand while studying biology books. The creature explains that there is no mention of its kind in human texts, and it doesn't know where it came from. It does know that it was supposed to enter and take over Shinichi's brain, effectively killing him and using his body as a vessel, but it reached maturity while living in Shinichi's hand, so it can no longer take him over or live without him. The creature suggests that they learn how to coexist, so it doesn't die, and Shinichi can keep his right arm. For some reason, agrees with this. Now that he's sharing a body with a creature of unknown origin, some things start to change. When he goes down for breakfast, notably eats more than usual. He also catches a spider and releases it outside, overcoming his fears. More importantly, he learns about a string of vicious murders sweeping the nation. The mention of murders seems to put Shinichi's head on straight because he decides to tell the police about his alien hitchhiker. The organism talks him of it by bringing up how Shinichi would become the government's newest science project before it senses another of its kind nearby, a parasite. Shinichi finds the parasite possessing the mind of a dog, which isn't the best host it could have found. The parasite transforms and tries to attack Shinichi, but his parasite rips out the dog's heart to kill it. The final scene of the episode takes us back 2 days where a man stabs a woman through the chest. He laughs while looking toward the sky. Around the same time, a parasite egg lands on a satellite dish outside Shinichi's window where it hatches. The parasite's snake like form crawls towards Shinichi. That's a lot to unpack a first episode, but it looks like Shinichi has an alien invasion on his hands. The second episode starts with a parasite saving a woman from three men. Of course, it's using a poor guy as a vessel, so she has no idea that her savior is a maneing alien. The parasite offers to walk her home, only for the three guys to catch up with them again. Surrounded, the parasite decides to eliminate witnesses by killing all four of them just to be safe. Oh man. So much for these being chivalous aliens. Meanwhile, Shinichi is on his way to school and he's made his peace with his unique situation. He decides he needs to call his parasite something and they land on the name Migi. They also throw he him pronoun around, so that's what I will be using. Later during gym class, Shinichi is killing it in basketball. I get the feeling he's not most athletic type on a typical day, and Murano is swooning on the sidelines. Another one of their classmates, a guy called Nagayi, notices the sparks flying between these two and stomps on Shinichi's foot to throw him off his game. Fortunately, Migi helps him get another basket just to impress the girl. After class, Shinichi apologizes for inappropriately touching Murano, and she says he can make it up to her by taking out for pancakes. We all agree that she's counting that as a date, right? As Murano leaves, Migi acts out again, giving Shinichi a hard time for having a crush. The teasing doesn't last long, though, because that Nagai dude comes back and tells Shinichi to follow him outside. I saw this coming a mile away, but Nagayi starts whailing on Shinichi, saying that he's had a crush on Murano since middle school. Dude, if that's the case, why haven't you made a move yet? must know you don't stand a chance. Anyway, Migi punches Nagayi in the face, sending him running. Shinichi makes it to the bathroom where he tells Migi not talk when other people are around. is more concerned about Shinichi's human anatomy because alien. So Shinichi has to book it out of the bathroom after another student nearly walks in on a very awkward conversation between our dude and his right hand. Fortunately, Shinichi manages to get home without incident and even talks to Yuki about the countrywide deaths, now being dubbed mincemeat murders. At home, Shinichi tries to convince Migi to help him stop the murders. When Migi disagrees because it will needlessly endanger them both, they have this very pleasant interaction. You're a demon, Shinichi. I have done some research into the concept of these demons you speak of, and I would say that humans are the life forms most closely resembling them. Oh, yeah. That line's definitely going to stick with me for a while. The next day, Migi tells Shinichi that another one of its kind is approaching. So, purposefully lures the parasite to a park to confront it. However, when catches up, it cuts off its own arm to give Migi a new home. It believes that they can share one host and become stronger together. Even though joining the other parasite would mean killing Shinichi. Time stretches on and Shinichi must be seeing his life flash before his eyes before Migi kills the other parasite. Of course, Migi claims to have only done so because there was no guarantee that transferring to a new host would be successful. Oh, but I know that you're just a big softy, Migi. Sometime later, Shinichi takes Murano out for those pancakes. Afterward, they decide to go to the park, but run into a group of guys throwing rocks at a cat they buried in sandbox. Shinichi goes to rescue the cat, but the teenagers throw rocks at him. Of course, Shinichi catches the without looking and threatens to them alive if they don't stop. The teens get the hell out of Dodge. And if Murano didn't have feelings for Shinichi before, she definitely does now. Girl, lock it in. Anyways, Shinichi and Murano walk home holding hands and Murano asks if he's really Shinichi. Uh, he says yes and technically it's not a lie. The episode closes with a scene of the parasite from the opening scene standing a room with an unnamed woman. They're nude. They're definitely both aliens. And I've got a feeling we might have some baby parasites in the near future. Yeah. In the third episode, things are ramping up and fast. The mince meat murders have progressed to include 84 victims and counting, which means there's at least as many bloodthirsty parasites running around. While attending school one day, Migi senses a fellow parasite in the body of Shinichi's new math teacher, Ryoko. Of course, they can't spot one without getting noticed themselves. So, Shinichi and Riyoko find themselves in a bit of a stalemate. Riyoko wants to blend in with human society. So, she's not planning a murder spree like the rest of their species. She and Migi agree to meet somewhere more private after school to discuss the parasites future. At the meeting spot, Riyoko catches Shinichi and Migi offg guard by bringing along a friend. Another parasite that goes by name A. A is the parasite from the last episode who hooked up with that unknown woman. Yeah, that woman is Rio. From the start, A doesn't like or trust Shinichi. However, they're all caught off guard by Riyoko revealing that she's pregnant with a human baby. And the result might surprise you. I am now pregnant, Mr. Izumi. Apparently, regardless of being with another parasite or a human, a parasite's child will always be a normal human. Huh. Okay. That is not a twist saw coming. The informational meeting bores a so he ends up leaving early, slipping away from the more level-headed aliens. The next day, he shows himself again. Only this time, it's to terrorize Shinichi's school. He goes on a rampage, forcing students and staff to evacuate the building. To protect himself, Shinichi goes to an unoccupied part of the school where he builds a barricade out of tables while Migi tells him to make use of his still working brain by using it as a weapon. They barely arm themselves before A breaks past their barricade, prepared a fight. The fourth episode opens where we last left off with Shinichi facing off against A. In those brief seconds between life and death, Shinichi grapples with the fear overtaking his senses. Apparently, he and Migi had made plan for situations like this, which requires Migi to play defense to protect them and Shinichi to play offense and kill the parasite. Shinichi calms his nerves enough to get in close and stab A through the chest with a chair leg. It's gnarly. Blood spills from the leg like a running faucet. You can't see me grimacing behind the screen, but take my word for it. That's a brutal way to go. should die from the sheer amount of blood loss he sustains, but he escapes, hoping to merge with Ryoko and share her body. Instead, Ryoko traps him in a room and blows him up by igniting a gas leak. After the event, Shinichi gets some time off from school, but classes ultimately resume. On the first day back, the staff have a meeting to discuss the implications of Riyoko's pregnancy and fact that she can't tell them who baby's father is. They're judging pretty hard. So, to avoid further suspicion, Riyoko resigns from her teaching position. Listen, even if she wasn't a brain leachching parasite, I would still support quitting after that meeting. Anywh who, Shinichi stops Riyoko right before she leaves campus, but refrains from killing her because of human child. She then tells him that plans to run experiments on her child when they're born and will eat them when they're no longer useful. Huh, you've gotten yourself into quite the pickle there, haven't you, Shinichi? Riyoko goes on to say that all species have basic instincts, a set of rules programmed into them from birth, and that hers require her to devour humankind. She then goes to kill Shinichi, but sensing a change in him, she lets him live. Later that night, the real Riyoko's mother comes to visit her. She's worried because the school called tell her that Riyoko resigned earlier in the day. A mother knows things and she's not there 5 minutes before she realizes the thing standing in front of her isn't her daughter. It's not right. Something's very wrong. Who are you? Byoko, where's my Rio? The picture perfect replication isn't enough. The parasites can't fake the life in a human's eyes. Alien Riyoko kills her mom before she can call for help. Meanwhile, Shinichi's parents tell him about a countryside vacation over dinner. Obviously, Shinichi is against them going on a trip while there are murderous aliens on the loose. Migi reminds him that the parasites prefer higher traffic areas, so they should be safe in the country. The next morning, Shinichi apologizes for his outburst and encourages them to go on their trip. That's when his mom calls him out for being different and begs him to tell her why he's changed so much. He chalks it up to not wanting to be lonely and promises that he's fine. She isn't convinced, but agrees to go on the vacation. On the next day, they leave. She's the last one out the door, promising Shinichi that they'll be back soon. Aw, those are definitely her famous last words, aren't they? The fifth episode begins with a couple driving. And the woman is definitely weird, like wrapping the seat belt around her head because she doesn't know how it works. Weird. Obviously, that distracts the driver and he crashes the car. The woman dies on impact, so the parasite attempts to transfer itself to man. Unfortunately for it, moving between bodies isn't easy. On his way to school the following day, Migi points out that people are starting to notice changes in Shinichi. These changes even make sense because fusing with an alien should change him on a physical and psychological level. Shinichi hates this theory, especially because Ryoko sensed change in him so significant that she let him live. As Shinichi is having an identity crisis, he comes across his bully Nagai, who is getting beaten up by guy named Mitsuo and his gang. Shinichi thinks it's inhuman nature to be self-sacrificial. So, to prove a point, he goes in to rescue Nagai. The problem is Migi is asleep at this point. So, he's defenseless as the gang members beat him to a pulp, too. Fortunately, the female student who hangs with the gang, Kana, calls Mitsuo off because she doesn't think it's a fair fight. Oddly enough, when she goes to check on Shinichi, she looks into his eyes and knows there's something wrong with him. Even though Kana calls the fight there, Mitzo comes back for more the next day. except this time he and his gang attack Murano, scaring her and infuriating Shinichi. Obviously, he's going to fight to save his friend, but he gets busted up pretty good this time, too. The difference is that Migi is awake for this fight, and Shinichi needs to keep his parasite from murdering the gang members. Fortunately, Nagai shows up in the nick of time with group of other students who are there to rescue him. The gang members know they're outnumbered, so they call it a day. Safe again, Murano and Shinichi walk home together, and Shinichi even invites her to stay over since his parents are out of town, but she declines. Meanwhile, the parasite from episode's opening drags itself across the highway. It can barely keep together in this male form and desperately searches for a female host. That's how it ends up on the same beach as Shinichi's parents, where his dad, Kazuyuki, watches it behead his mom, Nouko, in cold blood. Later, Kazuyuki survives the wounds given to him by the parasite and drags himself to the nearest phone booth to call Shinichi. He's barely coherent, but all he needs say is the word monster for Shinichi to know what happened. God damn, poor kid. The next morning, Nouko comes home and even though Migi tells him that the parasite is no longer his mom, he prevents Migi from attacking her. Meanwhile, Nouko's parasite talks about going back to finish off Kazuyuki before stabbing Shinichi through the heart. The sixth episode opens with the brutal scene of Shinichi bleeding out in his home's hallway. With precious seconds to spare, Migi decides to risk it all by forming itself to act as Shinichi's heart while simultaneously working to repair the damaged one. It is a lengthy process that takes a full day to complete with Shinichi unconscious the entire time. When he finally wakes, he realizes that he doesn't need glasses to see and that he has a wicked scar, perfect for any anime protagonist. While he was out cold, Migi kept him hydrated with some nice sugar water. So, Shinichi's not feeling the best when he gets a call from Sakura Hospital. Surprisingly, Kazuyuki managed to survive his injuries and is in stable condition. So, Shinichi catches the first fairy to the island that his parents were visiting, all while plotting to kill the parasite that took over Nouko. We are in his revenge arc, ladies and gentlemen. Meanwhile, Kazuyuki tries telling the authorities that his wife was murdered, but they and hospital staff convince him that the parasite attack was a nightmare he's confusing for reality. In defense of the police, Parasite Nouko went back to their hotel, interacted with the staff, and checked out. So, it seems to them like she ran out on her family. Shinichi decides that it's time to tell his dad everything about parasites. But when he gets to the hospital, Kazuyuki insists Nouko's death was a dream, even though he knows it's not true. Shinichi lets it go and tells his dad that he'll stay near the hotel while he recovers. Of course, he's also sticking around to keep an eye out for that parasite, believing it will come back to kill Kazuyuki soon enough. On his way to the island, Shinichi met a girl named Makiko on the ferry, and he stays at her family's inn. Before going to bed that night, Migi drops a bombshell on Shinichi. Since he has used so much energy to repair Shinichi's heart, he to sleep for 4 hours every day. And during that time, he's unresponsive to the outside world. That means he can't sense other parasites or fight them off. next day, Shinichi is sitting outside the hospital when Makiko comes to sit with him. She bluntly asks if he has a girlfriend, but then he bolts upright because Migi senses another parasite down by the beach. Shinichi takes off at the speed of light. Not really, but he's real freaking fast. And then he leaps over the seaw wall to reach the shore. You know, he's really reminding me of someone. I just can't put my finger on it. The episode ends with Shinichi confronting the parasite the beach, but it's not who he expects. In the seventh episode, we meet a brand new character, an absolute sweetheart of a man named Mamoru Uda. It turns out that he's in the same boat as Shinichi, only that his parasite lives rentree in his mouth. On the day the parasites landed in Japan, Mamoru planned to take his own life by jumping into the sea. His parasite, sensing that Mamoru would soon drown, prioritized helping him breathe instead of infecting his brain. Thus, their weird cohabitation was born. In the present, Shinichi and Mamoru go to the hospital roof to talk in private where Shinichi shares his story. Mamoru cries for him and his mom before promising to help him locate parasite Nouko if he can. Later that night, Migi enlightens Shinichi with even more delightful information. Just like Migi was changed from entering Shinichi's heart, so was he. About 30% of Migi entered Shinichi's bloodstream, which is now altering him in unforeseen ways. That's why he can run fast, jump high distances, and even pass an eye exam with flying colors. Shinichi wonders if those changes include his brain, too. I mean, he's got to ask. The man's got to be prepared if he starts feeling a desire to eat other people. Also, he realizes that he hasn't cried about losing his mom, which makes him feel like he's losing touch with his human side. The next day, Mamodu calls Shinichi because he senses Nouko in town and tracks her down. Of course, Shinichi tells him to run before he's offed on the spot, and our guys start running toward each other, hoping to meet in the middle. Unfortunately, Shinichi isn't quick enough, and Mumoru finds himself on a cliff edge, cornered by Nouko. They don't stand a chance, but his parasite realizes Nouko's fighting in a specific pattern before she manages to stab them the heart, sending them tumbling over cliff to the beach below. On his way Mamoru, Shinichi's fate takes an unfortunate turn when Migi falls asleep. he does, he turns Shinichi's right arm into a blade, giving him a way to defend himself. Even though Migi advised to leave and save himself, Shinichi still goes to confront Nouko. To his surprise, he can anticipate her every move. can see it. I can see every move it makes. There it is. Like, come on. He's a badass now, too. Shinichi manages to hold his own in the fight and even gains the upper hand. But just as he's about to deliver the killing blow, he's overwhelmed with flashbacks of his mom. He can't bring himself to do it after all. But luckily, Mamorusu sneaks up from behind, taking her out for both of them. His parasite had moved his vital organs out of the way just before letting him get hit, creating the illusion of a killing blow so they could get in a sneak attack. Ooh, hell yeah. We've got brains and brawn over here. A double threat. Anyway, the next day, Kazuyuki is discharged from the hospital, so Shinichi says goodbye to Mako, not planning to see her again. Before they leave, he and his dad stop to watch the ocean. Kazuyuki tells him that his mom always loved him and that she didn't suffer in her final moments. Hearing and having avenged Nouko, Shinichi collapses. Don't worry though, he's just sleeping and it's probably the best nap of his life. Sometime later, he returns to school, but the Shinichi everyone knew and loved is now an entirely new person. In the eighth episode, we start a dark room with Riyoko. She's with another parasite that's feasting on a corpse. She tells the parasite to track down Shinichi and keep a close eye on him because he'll be invaluable in the research for the future of their kind. I don't like the sound of that. But the parasite puts on the face of a high schooler planning to infiltrate Shinichi's social circle. At the same time, Kana is loitering outside the school to catch up with Shinichi because his weird vibe has enchanted her. Mitzo, the gang leader, shows up to talk with her, but gets mad when she brushes him off in favor of Shinichi. Obviously, he's jealous, so he goes to the school and lures Shinichi into a nearby alley for a conversation. Shinichi tries to warn him, but Mitsuo picks up a fight. was at this moment that he knew heeded up while serving looks too. Is there anything this guy can't do? Murano shows up to catch the tail end of the fight and the two of them walk home together. She again brings up how different he seems, especially since coming back from his trip. Shinichi tries to play it off, but there's no denying it. He is different. Don't just take my word for either. The following morning, while they're walking to school, Shinichi saves a puppy getting hit by a car. Its injuries are too severe to heal, so Shinichi and Murano sit with it until it dies. Then he throws it into a trash can. I don't know about you, but that gives me some serious ick. They're literally at the park. He could have buried the puppy. Murano also thinks he's acting uncharacteristically cold and leaves. Shinichi can't figure out what he did wrong, which is a glaring red flag if you ask me. He has to ask Migi for help understanding the situation. Migi, he goes back and buries puppy later, so he may not be completely hopeless. Anyway, Shinichi goes to school only for Murano to avoid him. While he's there, he picks up on a nonviolent parasite in the area and goes to meet with him in a secluded stairwell. That's where he meets the new parasite from the beginning of the episode, who introduces himself as Shimada. He's kind of a jerk, instantly showing off and breaking school records during their gym class. He tells Shinichi that he has no intention of causing a stir at the school, that he follows a similar diet to that of humans, and that he wants to find a way for parasites and humans to coexist. He also reveals that Ryoko's going by a new name, Reiko. Obviously, Shinichi doesn't trust this guy, but he isn't going to start a fight. After school, Kana bumps into Shimada, thinking that he is Shinichi. She incorrectly assumes that is sensing Shinichi because he's her soulmate. Someone's a romantic, not part alien. Shimada tries to drag Kana away so they can talk, but Shinichi arrives just in time to save her. He then walks Kana to the train station and after hearing about her unique sixth sense, warns her not to use it as it'll lead her to bad people. In the final moments of the episode, we get to see Yuki again, who stays up late making a lifelike portrait of Shimada. Girl, you've got questionable taste in men. Speaking of Shimada, we also see change his face, approach a lost woman, and lure her into a secluded area where he proceeds to eat her. So, we can't trust anything that comes out of this guy's mouth. Got it. The ninth episode starts like an average day, except Kana bumps into Shimada again. He has his eye on her because of her sixth sense, but can't hurt her because they're in public and are interrupted by Mitsuo. Obviously, he gets jealous of Kana talking to another guy, so he tries start a fight. Shimada roughs him up bit, but lets him go before heading to school. Yuko witnesses this from afar because she's stalking her new crush. After school, Shinichi comes home to find his dad entertaining some guests. It's a nice change of pace because Kazuyuki has picked up a nasty drinking habit and spends most nights down in a bottle. Now he has three men in black types confirming the existence of parasites, confirming his wife's death, and swearing Kazuyuki to secrecy to avoid creating a mass panic. They even have a profile artist there who drew an accurate depiction of a parasite. After police leave, Kazuyuki tells Shinichi what really happened to his mom. Shinichi pretends to be surprised and keeps Migi's existence a secret. Elsewhere, Reicho is having a meeting with another parasite. They discuss their kind's purpose and why they came to Earth in the first place. They determine that humans are a poison to their own planet. So, the parasites need eat them to restore Earth's natural balance. Also happening across town, Yuko finds the drawing of the parasite her older brother's sketchbook since he's the sketch artist who visited Kazuyuki. He plays it off saying it's just a monster that he drew. Unfortunately, Yuko's destined to learn the truth when she watches a runaway baseball crack Shimatada in the head. It takes out a chunk of his skull, which he miraculously heals before members of the school's baseball team come to check on him. As Shimada goes to leave the school, Mitsuo stops him. This guy doesn't know when to quit as he takes Shimato into an abandoned yard for a fullon fight. It goes without planning that Shimada plans to kill the entire group, but Shinichi manages to intervene at the last second. Not only does he call Shimada off, but he also convinces Mitzuo and his friends to stop causing trouble. Shinichi having to clean up after Shimada makes him a little more irritated than usual, which puts Morano off. When she finally starts talking to him again after the puppy incident, she brings up how much he's changed and asks once more if he's really Shinichi. his response. He yells at her and tells her to shut up. Dude, she nichi, I know you're going through something, but I don't think you deserve the girl. He feels guilty about it afterwards, but Migi reassures him that he's only becoming more resilient. Sure. Uh, that's one way to look at it. Meanwhile, Yuko follows Shimada as he leaves school. She tails him as he goes into the city and eventually watches as changes his face. That's not something you see every day. So, she goes home to confront her brother about monster in his sketchbook. Her comes clean about the parasites and tells her to be careful moving forward. Yuko, who I can only assume is blinded by love at this point, decides to confront Shimada at school the next day. She does just that, going through her paint supplies to find anything she could use as a lethal weapon. She settles on some chemicals and keeps the bottle close as Shimada enters the empty classroom. When she asks if he really eats other humans, Shimada has no choice but to reveal his true form. Do you really do all those horrible things to people, Shimata? Not good. at all. Yuko is going to be his next meal. Fortunately though, Migi senses Shimatada's murderous intent and warns Shinichi. The episode ends with him bolting up in class, demanding to know where his friend is before it's too late. In the 10th episode, Yuko fights her life. She throws the chemical bottle at Shimada, and when the liquid hits his bare skin, it burns. Whatever she dowsed him with, it hurts and it gives her a few precious seconds to sneak onto the window's ledge. Students the schoolyard watch as she scales a and then jumps into a nearby tree. falls to the ground, but makes it out alive. Some kids see Shimatada through the window and go to investigate. Those chemicals really did number on Shimada. He goes on a murderous rampage throughout the school, unable to reshape his face into his human disguise. He kills the two students who went to investigate and then several more afterwards. As news of armed attacker spreads, the school evacuates. When Shinichi realizes Morano and her classmates haven't made it outside, he goes back in to rescue her. requires seeing a fullon massacre and nearly loses his nerve. Shinn, calm down. Fortunately, he gets back up in time to find Murano before Shimada does. After carrying Murano to safety and jumping out a window to get outside, he learns that Shimada's heading toward the school roof. Migi tries to get Shinichi to leave it to the police, but they're getting sliced and diced left and right. So instead, Shinichi takes a rock to a nearby roof. Aided by Migi's brute strength, he launches the rock at such a high velocity that it smashes through Shimata's chest on the school roof, crushing his heart. Uh, top 10 anime deaths. I never would have seen that coming. What a curveball. get it cuz he threw it like a baseball. Sometime later, members of the government hold a secret meeting to discuss the increased sighting of parasites. While they don't want to cause a mass panic, they have developed way to distinguish parasites from humans. If a small enough piece of a parasite's DNA separates from the main body, it'll shrivel up and die. They pull some strings and start a trend of people saying hello by pulling out strands of someone else's hair. Weird that it caught on, but hey, if it'll keep people safe, people move on quickly around here because it's not long before Shinichi and his friends return to school after the Shimada massacre. In 11th episode, a woman pulls her friend's hair out after a night of drinking. She's wasted, but even she can't miss how the man's hair wiggles in her hand like a worm, separated from the rest of its body. When it disintegrates her hand, she knows he's actually a parasite. Yeah. So, despite not wanting to cause mass panic, it seems like the word is finally getting around about the alien invaders. The man ends up killing her and dragging her body into the woods. Meanwhile, Kana's having some fever dreams about Shinichi. Ones where he comes to save her from monsters and they share a passionate kiss afterward. She's down bad and keeps following him around even after he told her to stay away. She even takes a chance by talking to Morano, getting a feel for the situation to see if she would have an opportunity with Shinichi. For the record, she does think she still stands a chance, and she's trying to steal Murano's man. That aside, the parasites are causing some trouble on other side of town. A new parasite named Gooto wants to see how he would hold up against an armed group. So he raids and attacks a Yakuza warehouse, taking out everyone inside. It's another bloodbath. And despite there being civilian witnesses, he gets in and out without being caught. Back with Shinichi, he and Murano go out on a real date together. Finally, they have fun, but Murano can't shake the feeling that he's not the same person she met during their first year as high schoolers. Despite that, they still share a kiss before calling it a night. Something that Kana witnesses because she's been following them around. That's not weird all. That night, Kana calls Shinichi asking to meet up for one last favor. The next day, Shinichi beats Kana to their meeting place. Imagine his surprise when he discovers a large group of parasites petitioning the public to vote for them. The lead candidate, Teshi Hiokawa, is running for mayor. Unfortunately, if Migi can sense the parasite political party, it means that they can feel him, too. And it doesn't take long for Goto to pick him out of the crowd. In the 12th episode, Shinichi and Migi grapple with the fact that parasites are now taking powerful positions. Migi explains it well as having Hiroka as the mayor will ensure parasites have a leader who can brush their murders under the rug, provide them with low-risk humans to hunt, and safe locations to feed in. It makes sense. And to their horror, Hirokawa does win the election. So after meeting up with Kana at the rally in the previous episode, she mentioned again that she could feel his presence and of others. Kana also starts transmitting her own faint signal, making her detectable for parasites. Shinichi wants to tell her everything, but Migi forbids it. So naturally, Shinichi waits until Migi takes one of his naps to meet up with Kana in private. In an abandoned building, he lays out everything from beginning to end. She doesn't believe him and thinks that he's created an elaborate story to make her stop bothering him, but he insists it's the truth and promises to show her Migi. When Migi agrees to meet Kana, Shinichi has to cancel a date with Murano for another secret meeting with Kana. Unfortunately, Kana wants to prove herself to Shinichi by tracking him down with her sixth sense. She leaves her phone at home as she wanders into the city, hoping to hone in on him. Instead, she follows her power to a murderous parasite who doesn't hesitate to kill her on the spot. Migi also sensed the same parasite. So, Shinichi wasn't far behind. He witnesses Kana being stabbed through the heart, and in a moment of adrenaline and rage, he rips out the parasite's heart with his bare hand. While he wasn't fast enough to save Kana, he does hold her in his arms as she dies. At least in the end, she got to be with the person she loved. I wish we could have learned more about her powers, though, like why she had them and how they even worked. Later, during her funeral, police investigator Hiramama discusses Shinichi's circumstances with a colleague. First his mom, now Kana. They also took a strand of Shinichi's hair, but unlike other parasites, his doesn't react. On way home from the funeral, Shinichi also stopped by Mitsuo, the gang member, and Kana's ex-boyfriend. He jumps Shinichi for her death and for not seeming to mourn her, but gets clocked the nose for his trouble. But he does bother Shinichi, who can't bring himself to shed a tear over a lost friend. He even goes into the woods to bash his head against a tree. All blood, no tears. At least my blood's still red. He's definitely a glass half full kind of guy. In the 13th episode, Shinichi tries to recover after Kana's death. Unfortunately, news has started to spread around his school about the murder in the next town over, the victim, and who found the body. Everyone knows that Kana and Shinichi were friends, and some find it suspicious that he's acting normal after such a traumatic event. I can't lie, it's kind of concerning. And Shinichi thinks so, too. He's started to have panic attacks or intense moments of pain in his heart where he struggles to breathe. They come and go within an instant, as if his human and alien sides are at war with each other. The parasites are also on move with Hirokawa designating specific feeding locations for his followers to ensure a longer survival. Shinichi doesn't notice it at first, but private investigator has started following him and documenting every aspect of his life. The investigator, Kuramorei, was hired by Reiko to help her keep tabs on her favorite research subject. When Kuramorei comes up short, Reiko hires a few guys to rough Shinichi up. Shinichi wins that fight without breaking a sweat, and Kuramorei gets it on camera. There's no sign of Migi, but it's not every day a high schooler takes on four grown men and wins. Sometime later, Shinichi returns to the site of Kana's death to try to tap into his human emotions. He wants to relive the experience so he can actually mourn her. Instead, Migi spots Kuramorei taking photos of them and attacks without mercy. Migi wants to kill Kuramorei on the spot, but Shinichi manages to hold him back, allowing the detective to escape with his life. At the very least, they do manage to get his camera and delete the footage, but Shinichi starts to worry about the government coming to get him at any moment. By the end of the episode, Shinichi's working up the nerve to finally tell Murano everything he would need to explain if the police came arrest him. Unfortunately, Migi gets the way, threatening to kill Murano if she knew the truth. Murano knows that Shinichi is keeping secrets from her, so she leaves him in the lurch. In the 14th episode, Reiko ends her working relationship with Kuramorei. For whatever reason, she doesn't kill him on the spot, and he can't let what he experienced go. Against her advice, he continues a private investigation on Shinichi. If nothing else, he just needs to prove to himself that he's not crazy. Shinichi is also worried about his secret getting out, so he calls in backup to help him track down the investigator. That's right, guys. Mamoru and his mouthy parasite are back for a team up. Kuramorei is not hard to find because he's actively stalking Shinichi. So, they get him in a car and take him to a secluded area for a little chat. To Kuramot's credit, he actually hears our guys out before deciding to let his investigation go. Since she lost her investigator, Reiko reaches out to Shinichi to set up a meeting. She attends a university lecture about humanity, our altruism, and how it may actually be our selfish drive to survive that pushes us to do good things for the world. That's a hot take, but Reiko's totally focused on it, especially when her professor brings up the way mothers care for their children to ensure they pass on their DNA. Speaking of children, she gave birth to her son a few episodes back, but he's just been chilling. She hasn't started her experiments on him because he's too little, but she does take him to the lecture with her and to meeting with Shinichi. During their conversation, she realizes that a parasite must have killed Shinichi's mother. That triggers Shinichi and he considers killing Reiko, but she uses her baby as a shield. He tries to chase down when she leaves the university, but loses her. He runs for a while, eventually running into a streetside fortune teller. She reads his palm, telling him that to fill the hole in his heart, he has to confront the person who caused it so he can have closure. He smiles at her all creepy like and tells that he already killed her. Uh, Shinichi, maybe you shouldn't go around confessing to murder. In the 15th episode, another parasite lures an innocent woman to her death. He takes to one of their chosen feeding areas. All the while being followed by another private investigator. Only this time, they're a friend of Kuramorei, who agreed to help him continue his private investigation. It just so happens that he's changed his targets to Reiko and her associates. Of course, the parasite knows he's being watched and just kills PI. Knowing the last place his friend went, Kuramorei reaches out to Shinichi for help and takes him to the feeding area. When they get there, they find another parasite about to feed. While he can't save the poor woman, he does kill the parasite. Kuramorei knew nothing about the parasites, but it's one thing to hear about crazy monsters and another to see them at work. He actually does lay off after that and lets Migi destroy the last of his research. Meanwhile, the parasites meet with their mayor, Hiokawa, about the absolute pain in the ass Shinichi has become. They decide to kill him as soon possible, but Reiko tells them to bring his body back in one piece so she can dissect him. Hiwa wants to send out Goto, the parasite that killed the Yakuza a while back, but Goto suggests sending a parasite named Miki instead. The next day, Migi senses a trio of parasites moving towards Shinichi with murderous intent. Shinichi leaves town find a more remote setting for combat. But on the way, Migi falls asleep. Man, he has terrible timing. Without his parasite, his super sense, or a way to defend himself, Shinichi just runs around for hours. Eventually, Miki does catch up with him. And look, y'all can tell me if I'm wrong, but he looks pretty chill. He follows Shinichi around with the pair eventually hitching rides on the back of some trucks to chase one another through the countryside. When Migi finally wakes up, reveals that the reason Shinichi never ran into the other two parasites is that all three of them were occupying Miki's body. What the what? In the 16th episode, Mayor Hirokawa and his associates decide to get rid of Kuramorei by blowing up his office. Miraculously, he survives, but their stunt kills his wife and daughter. At same time, Shinichi and Migi square off against Miki, who isn't very coordinated. They manage to cut off his head just for Gooto to take his place. Goto is one of the three parasites sharing a body with Miki. So, he just takes over as the primary host. The problem with that is that he actually knows what he's doing and can tear Shinichi to shreds. Our guys don't stand chance, so Migi forces their truck to sideswipe enough to knock Gooto to the road, giving them a chance to escape. He lowkey sacrificed the two humans in the other truck, but what's a guy to do? Later, Shinichi learns about Kuramorei and his family. He's had some run-ins with the police in the past due to his connections to various parasite cases. keep Kuramorei out of trouble, he suggests that Kuramorei reach out to the lead investigator on the parasite case, Hiama, for help. Kuramorei does just that, going to the police for questioning. Unfortunately, he later leaves the station to hunt down Reiko, hoping to avenge his family himself, cuz that's always a good idea. Once Shinichi realizes the parasites are still coming after Kuramorei and that they didn't hesitate to kill his loved ones, he calls his dad and begs him to get out of town. Luckily, his dad doesn't put up a fight and clears the heck out of there. Shinichi stays home, though, which seems counterproductive. But I guess the parasites know where to find him, so what's the point in even running? The stress must be getting to him though because he's having some weird dreams where he talks to Migi in his sleep. Not that he remembers their conversations come morning, which Migi totally hates. Anyways, there's trouble in Paradise with the parasites. Reiko has acted as their head researcher since day one, but she's starting to question their purpose Earth, her role as a mother, and how far humans will go to protect their own. Her new views and public outbursts make other members of Hiokawa's parasites her as a threat. Obviously, they try to kill her. The 17th episode starts where we left off as a group of parasites ambushes Reiko. She's one of the first baddies that we've met, and a smart one, too. So, it doesn't take her long to win the fight and return home. When she gets there, though, she finds her baby is missing. There's a little ransom note left behind Kuramorei, who stole her son and demands she meet him if she wants to see her child again. As Reiko studies human nature, her heart has also grown three sizes. And by that, I mean she actually seems to care for this kid. So, she goes the meeting. Later, Hiramama and some other investigators break into her apartment, also finding Kuramorei's note. Reiko has time to kill before her meeting. So she goes to Shinichi's house look around. There she finds some pictures of his mom and once again faces her greatest enemy yet, motherhood. I don't think she could ignore these maternal instincts even if she tried. And she does try though, talking with Shinichi from his home phone to ask him attend her meeting with Kuramorei. As she's leaving his house, she bumps into Murano, who later follows her all the way to the park, where she plans to have meeting. Fortunately, Murano loses Reiko, keeping her away from all the action. At her meeting with Kuramorei, she listens as he calls her heartless, cruel, emotionless, and so on. He pretends like he's going to throw her baby over the side of the building, believing she won't care if her son lives or dies, but he's dead wrong. Reiko stabs him through the abdomen in an instant, saving her baby and sending Kuramorei toppling over the rail. When police make it to the meeting spot, they find Kuramorei on the brink of death, using his last words to give them Reiko's description. The police fan out search for her. While all of this is going down, Shinichi also arrived at the park and started using Migi to track down Reiko. The episode ends with the two of them coming face to face. The 18th episode starts with an exciting revelation. As the only science and research-driven parasite in this series, aside from Migi, Reiko has made some fascinating discoveries about her own species. As she and Shinichi have their staredown in the park, she decides to share some of her findings, like the fact that her kind can live off of the same diet as humans, meaning they're capable of coexisting peacefully with each other. The problem is that most parasites give in to their desire to devour humans, making them the apex predator. As they talk about their species, the police show up and surround area, preventing Reiko's escape by laying into her with gunfire. She doesn't fight back, but instead shields baby as she carries him to Shinichi. Her dying wish is that her son be raised right in a loving home like a proper human. In those moments, Shinichi sees his mom in Reiko and finally mourns her alongside everyone else he's lost. As breaking down, Murano appears on the scene, having followed the sound of gunshots to find him. Unfortunately, our two love birds don't get to catch up. As the police take Shinichi to a research facility. While they don't think he's a parasite, they do think it's strange that he keeps getting involved with them. They suspect he might have psychic abilities like Kana. And to test that theory, they bring in someone who does have parasite sensing powers. Who's this new character with Kana's sixth sense? You're likely asking me on the other side of the screen. Well, dear viewers, it's none other than a serial killer on death row. Yeah, he's a total freak, and his name is Uragami. He's gross. He's got bad vibes, and he's just as bloodthirsty as the parasites they're hunting. More importantly, he does sense something strange about Shinichi. In the 19th episode, Uragami locks in. starts reminiscing about his past and we get a nice flashback to his time as a serial killer. This guy did it all. Whatever horror could be inflicted on another person, he likely tried it, leaving him to believe he's just like the parasites the police are hunting. He also thinks it's the reason he can pick them out in a crowd. Like recognizes and all that. On that note, Shinichi might have a parasite in him, but he's not crazy. So, Urugami tells the police that Shinichi's normal. Without a psychic or an ally to detect parasites, the authorities have to get creative about removing them. Hiramama wants to use Urugami as their on-site parasite detector, but the commander of armed forces, Yamagishi, disagrees. At the same time, Hiokawa and Gooto have their own meeting where they discuss several of their parasite allies going missing at once. They decide in that moment that the government is to blame and that they should do something about it soon. Honestly, I'm surprised that there's not a parasite in a higher position than the mayor. While both sides are preparing for war, Shinichi returns to his everyday life, but that lasts for about a day before Hiramama shows up at his school to ask for his help. Murano can't stand that her boyfriend is constantly in harm's way crossing paths with the parasites. But of course, Shinichi agrees to help. suggests that the government use flamethrowers against the parasites because the fire will startle them. But they laugh it off. Yeah, sure. Ask this guy for help and then don't take his suggestion seriously. So, the flamethrower idea is a bust. But the next morning, the police raid the building that Hiokawa turned into his base. Uragami and Shinichi attend the sweep to identify the parasites among evacuees, but they do so from an armored vehicle outside. Unfortunately, their powers don't work from a distance. So, the police rely on an X-ray machine that detects alien life forms. In the 20th episode, chaos unfolds. The military locates a parasite through the X-ray machine and makes quick work of isolating and dispatching it. Then they drag its body away to prepare for the next one. As more evacuees leave without any signs of parasites, the military starts to worry that they've caught on their plan. They have all the people from the building gathered in the lobby. And that's where Mayor Hiokawa approaches the military, saying there are still civilians on the second floor who won't come down if they see armed people. He offers to get them, but obviously he's just lying. General Yamagishi tells his soldiers to stall Hiokawa and potential parasites from leaving so they can bring Uragami inside where he can point them out. That's things get wild with the military going a little stir crazy with their guns. They try to shoot the parasites but end up shooting the humans instead, creating unnecessary casualties. At the same time, some parasites act as a distraction. During the chaos, Hiokawa and his parasite allies sneak away to second floor, requiring assault teams to go searching for them. Hiwa decides there's no point in running, but Goto is there and he wants to stick around to study how his enemies fight. He starts taking out the military squads one by one. Since he has multiple parasites in his body, he's pretty intense and shows no mercy. It is a blood bath wherever he goes. Even the serial killer fears him as Uragami runs away after meeting Goto's eyes, leaving the squad he was with behind to die. Meanwhile, the last remaining squad, Yamagishi, catches up with Hiokawa. In 21st episode, Mayor Hiokawa greets his audience without fear. He goes on a rant about how humanity is a poison to the earth, a poison that destroys everything it comes into contact with, throwing the delicate ecosystem out of balance. In some ways, he's not wrong, but that doesn't justify letting alien parasites run rampant, now does it? Anyways, the soldiers have the orders to shoot on site. So, Hirokawa barely finishes his speech before he's eating bullets. Wait, we all thought he was a parasite the entire time, right? Wrong. guy was a human who believed in the parasites philosophy that much. Anyway, Gooto catches up with the last squad and promptly murders most of the soldiers before following the rest toward the roof. Yamagishi is the last one standing he goes down fighting, but he does down. Afterward, Goto goes down to the street to have a word with Shinichi, promising a one-on-one fight between the two of them in the future. Taking on dozens of soldiers tires him out, so he postpones their fight. Oh, and that Urugami guy escapes police custody and goes on the lamb. This is a mess. Anyway, Shinichi just goes back home after that. He's pretty sure that Goto is going to kill him. So, when Migi falls asleep the next day, Shinichi loses his mind. I'm talking outbursts, hallucinations, attacking others. We're 20 episodes into this story, and I have never seen him this scared. He eventually settles down in a park he likes where Murano tracks him down. He can tell that something is wrong with and invites him to her place to talk. Of course, her parents aren't home, and they don't do much talking at all. After spending the night with Murano, though, Shinichi finds his reason to keep fighting and decides he's going to live no matter what it takes. the 22nd episode, Shinichi and Migi face off against Goto one last time. senses Goto in their town, so Shinichi goes on the run. Bro even steals a car. We are pulling some Grand Theft Auto in these final episodes, gang. Migi takes the wheel and drives towards some nearby mountains where they can fight without civilian casualties. also has a plan. Well, didn't work. Let's get out of here. Where can we go? Just run, bro. survives that. Damn, fellas. I'm all for rooting for the underdogs, but this is not looking good. Once in the woods, Shinichi and Migi realize they'll need a flawless plan if they're going to beat Goto. In their final fight, it's come down to Brain versus Braun. Migi separates himself from Shinichi's arm, allowing them to attack two places at once. Unfortunately, can only stay detached for a few minutes before his body gives out. So, they spring their attack with Shinichi distracting Gooto with fire while Migi goes in to decapitate him. Unfortunately, he doesn't get a clean cut, which means Gooto can fight back. Migi stays to fight, giving Shinichi the chance to escape. With Migi gone, is totally alone and lost in the woods. It's only a matter of time before Gooto catches up with him and he has nowhere to go. More importantly, he only has one arm now and he's wounded. comes upon a house in the middle of night and the resident, a lonely woman named Mitsuya, brings him in, cleans him up, and gives him a place to stay for a few days. She needs his company as much as he needs hers, and she manages to put some pep in his step before he goes home. Unfortunately, on the day he'll leave to go home, men from Msio's village come to her door because of a murder in the woods. They try to blame Shinichi for the murder. But when go to look at the body, they realize he couldn't be responsible. Shinichi, knowing Gooto is now closing on the innocent village, goes out on his own to finish what he started. His lone weapon is a wood axe he takes from Mitsuyo's place. In the 23rd episode, Shinichi goes out to meet his maker. He actually finds Goto in the woods, curled up in a ball and asleep. In his vulnerable state, Shinichi doesn't hesitate to bring the wood cleaver down on his neck. Unfortunately, Goto wakes up in time to deflect the attack, sending Shinichi on the defensive. Hidden in the woods, Shinichi knows the odds are stacked against him. Without Migi, he doesn't stand a chance against the strong parasite. That doesn't stop him from trying, though. Shinichi is a fighter, so he sharpens a stick and climbs a tree, hoping to jab it through crack in Gooto's armor. Instead, he gets caught midair and thrown into a nearby tree. Things aren't looking good, he's definitely going to get himself killed, but he has a rusty pipe and a dream. He finds a pipe sticking out of the ground, remembering a spot on Gooto's side where he bled from a gunshot wound and drives it in. His plan actually works. He harms Goto, which only makes him angrier. Goto goes to land a killing blow, but Migi, revealed have been fused with Gooto's body, and the other parasites inside it, stop attack. Then he detaches from Gooto reconnect with the residual parts of him inside of Shinichi. Migi's back and he's there to fight. When Migi leaves Goto's body, the other parasites also start pulling apart until his body eventually bursts, further weakened by Shinichi unknowingly poisoning him with that rusty pipe. As they watch Goto struggle to stay alive, our guys have a moral debate. Migi can't bring himself to murder one of his own kind anymore. And Shinichi thinks that showing mercy a human trait to aspire to. But then thinks of his friends and family, their safety, and kills Goto for good. In the season finale, things start to change for the better. After the military wiped out all the parasites at city hall, and our guys took down Goto once and for all, the parasites slowly faded into a distant memory. While some believe their species went extinct, others think they went into hiding, choosing to conform to society to survive. Either way, the mincemeat murders ended and there was no one left for Shinichi to hunt down. With peace restored, Migi comes to Shinichi in a dream one night, telling him that he plans to go to sleep, only permanently this time to fade into Shinichi's consciousness so he can rest and take in information in the same way he did when morphed with Gooto. Migi encourages Shinichi to forget him and carry on with his life, but you know that little alien Shinichi's ride or die. A year passes and Shinichi goes to meet with Murano for a date. He looks good, guys. More like his normal self from the start of series, but also changed, too. More importantly, he's obviously happy and working towards taking the entrance exams to get into college since chasing down parasites meant him missing out the first time. Life is great, it seems, until he's walking through the city and notices Uraami tailing him. Seriously, it's the finale. We couldn't have a happy epilogue. Anyway, Uragami lures them into a building and then takes Murano hostage on the roof where he calls Shinichi out for not being human. Apparently, he knew the whole time that was a parasite, albeit different from others. He goes on a spiel about how he's the definition of human nature and wants to know what Shinichi makes of him. Shinichi couldn't care less about this guy. He wants his girl. So Uragami throws Murano off the roof. Shinichi runs for it, punching Uragami in the face and trying to catch Murano, but he isn't fast enough. He collapses to his knees, grieving the loss of his first and only love. When I tell you I stopped breathing. There's like two minutes left the episode and this is what they do with it. That's when Migi tells Shinichi to snap out of it because he's tired and can't keep holding her forever. Shinichi opens his eyes and there he is leaning over the building while holding Murano's hand. Thank god. He hauls her to safety and they hold one another as Shinichi stares off into the open blue sky. And that's the entire story of Parasite the Maxim. For a series about invasive aliens, I didn't expect the emotional whirlwind it put me through. Hopefully Shinichi can make it into college without another intergalactic incident getting in the way. Are you looking for another anime to fill the migysized hole in your heart? Make sure check out some of my other videos that you see right here. And in the meantime, peace.